How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
This way you can atleast find out if you make any mistake from the previous version.
Or perhaps if you compare with a stable version you can spot which change actually introduce problem.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
This way you an monitor progress and have a history of what have you been doing so far.
Last but not least you have the opportunity to move back and forth based on need.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs 
having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Pros:
The main idea is when you make a logical change commit is better to do and you and only you are the 
best judge to that . 

Cons :
You might lost changes as you wait long enough of logical change similarly you might create a long 
logical change .


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, 
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

It depends on your requirement for instance Git which in primarily focus on handling software development 
where each program consist of many files it make sense to use repository or multiple files.
Now something like Google Docs have entirely different objective where we usually intrested in
mantaining a document.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
from git log I can find a bird eye view of what happened and they with git diff can compare between commit.	

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Using version control you always have the option to move to the stabele commit .This liberate developer
to make changes without fear of making mistake.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to use particularly if I am making any changes in the code.
camilla 02077330430